(Crickets chirping)
The night has come, and the moon shines brightly.
This is the time when people are supposed to all be settled already in their beds and have drifted off to “dreamland”.
Only the nocturnal animals are wide awake, owls, foxes and crickets awake, but this is their time of the day.
(Owl hooting)
Although she is not an owl, a fox, or a cricket Lucy is wide awake in her bed, unable to sleep.
(A car passing by)
She is changing channel after channel on the TV with tired eyes and mind.
“This isn’t going to help; I should try something else to relax.” she thinks.
She puts her headphones on.
(Relaxing music playing)
She yawns tiredly.
The music takes her mind off of her troubles, and she is finally able to relax.
She feels her mind drifting further and further away…
She arrives in “dreamland” and is having a beautiful dream…